<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
   xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
   xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
   xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
   xmlns:a4j="http://richfaces.org/a4j"
   xmlns:rich="http://richfaces.org/rich"
   template="/WEB-INF/templates/popuptemplate.xhtml">
 
<ui:param name="documentTitle" value="privacy_policy" />
<ui:param name="pageTitle" value="Online Payment System: Privacy Policy" />
<ui:param name="breadcrumb" value=""/>
<ui:param name="title" value="Privacy Policy"/>
<ui:param name="applicationName2" value="Payment System"/>
<ui:param name="applicationName1" value="DES Online"/>


<ui:define name="localCss">
	<link href="resources/css/stylesheet.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"  media="screen" />
</ui:define>

<ui:define name = "localBody">	
	<div align="center">
        <table width="80%" border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="2" class="home_table">
        
          <tr>
            <td align="left">

               
               <h2>Privacy Policy</h2>
              <table width="100%" border="0" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" bgcolor="#FFFFFF" class="display_table">
                  <tr>
                    <td width="50%" align="left" valign="top"><label>Thank you for visiting the Department of Economic Security (DES) agency web site and reviewing our Privacy Policy Statement. Pursuant to A.R.S.  41-3901 et seq.,  all agencies of the State of Arizona shall contain a Privacy Policy Statement.  This disclosure addresses collection, use and security of and access to information that may be obtained through the use of the DES web site. Your rights to privacy are of utmost importance to the State of Arizona in building trust and confidence when conducting business through the Internet.</label></td>
                    </tr>
                                <tr>

                    <td align="left" valign="top"></td>
                  </tr>
                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"><label><strong>Online Customer Service and Alternatives</strong></label></td>
                  </tr>
                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"><ul><li>The Department of Economic Security offers many of the services online that you might otherwise transact in person. Our goal is to provide citizens a more convenient and efficient means with which to interact with Arizona government. If you choose not to participate in these activities, your choice will in no way affect your ability to receive benefits or services. If you prefer to apply for benefits or services in person, you may do so at the respective State agency providing such benefits and/or services.</li></ul></td>
                  </tr>

                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"></td>
                  </tr>
                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top">
                      <label><strong>Collection and Use of Information</strong></label>                    </td>
                  </tr>
                  <tr>

                    <td align="left" valign="top">
                      <ul>
                        <li>The State of Arizona does not collect information about you unless you voluntarily participate in an activity that  asks for such information. The information requested and supplied by you through the web, is the same information requested if performed in person at a State agency. Please be aware that in the State of Arizona, laws exist to ensure that state government is open and that the public has a right to access appropriate records and information possessed by the state. However, if personal information is requested on the web site or volunteered by the user,  state law and the federal Privacy Act of 1974 may protect it. Should you have  any questions, contact the agency directly about the records we keep and our  use of information.</li>
                      </ul>                      </td>
                  </tr>

                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"></td>
                  </tr>
                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"><label><strong>Security</strong></label></td>
                  </tr>
                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"><ul><li>The Department of Economic Security has taken several steps to safeguard the integrity of its computer systems and network, including, but not limited to, individual authentication, the security of transmitted data, security monitoring, auditing, and encryption of your information. Security methods and measures have been integrated into the  design, implementation and day-to-day practices of the entire DES web site.</li></ul></td>

                  </tr>
                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"></td>
                  </tr>
                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"><label><strong>Cookies</strong></label></td>
                  </tr>
                  <tr>

                    <td align="left" valign="top"><ul><li>To better serve our customers we are using &quot;cookies&quot; to customize your browsing experience with DES. Cookies are simple text files stored on your computer by your web browser. Cookies identify your domain name or Internet Protocol address, as a method of distinguishing among visitors to the DES web site. You can refuse the cookie or delete the  cookie file from your computer system by selecting various options on your computer's operating system.<br />
                          <br />
We use your email to respond to your requests and to the issues you have identified, and/or possibly to forward your email to another State agency for appropriate action.</li></ul></td>
                  </tr>
                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"></td>
                  </tr>

                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"><label><strong>Other External Links Disclaimer</strong></label></td>
                  </tr>
                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"><ul><li>The Department of Economic Security web site has links to other web sites. These include links to web sites operated by other government agencies, nonprofit organizations and private businesses. When you link to another site, you are no longer on the DES site and this Privacy Statement will not apply to other sites. When you link to another web site, you are subject to the privacy policy of that new site. Neither the State of  Arizona, nor any agency, officer, or employee of the State of Arizona warrants the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of any information published by this  system, nor endorses any content, viewpoints, products, or services linked from this system, and shall not be held liable for any losses caused by reliance on the accuracy, reliability or timeliness of such information. Portions of such information may be incorrect or not current. Any person or entity that relies on any information obtained from this system does so at his or her own risk.</li>
                        </ul>                      </td>
                  </tr>

                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"></td>
                  </tr>
                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"><label><strong>Contact Information</strong></label></td>
                  </tr>
                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"><ul><li>To offer comments about the DES web site, or about the information presented in this Privacy Statement, contact us:</li></ul></td>

                  </tr>
                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"><p>By  Email: <a href="mailto:webmaster@azdes.gov">webmaster@azdes.gov</a><br />
                      By Telephone: (602) 542-4296<br />
                      By Fax: (602) 254-8457<br />
                      By Mail: Department of Economic Security<br />

050Z-1 1717 W. Jefferson<br />
Phoenix, AZ 85007</p></td>
                  </tr>
                  <tr>
                    <td align="left" valign="top"></td>
                  </tr>
                </table>

              <div align="center"></div></td>
          </tr>
        </table>

        <div id="testdiv1"></div>
      </div>
</ui:define></ui:composition>

